Getting a Job at the Zoo!

One day, a mime is visiting the zoo and attempts to earn
some money as a street performer. As soon as he starts
to draw a crowd, the zoo keeper grabs him and drags him
into his office.

The zoo keeper explains to the mime that the zoo's most
popular attraction, a gorilla, died suddenly and the
keeper fears that attendance at the zoo will fall off.

He offers the mime a job to dress up as the gorilla until
they can get another one. The mime accepts the offer.

So, the next morning, before the crowd arrives, the mime
puts on the gorilla suit and enters the cage. He
discovers that it's a great job. He can sleep
all he wants, play and make fun of people, and he draws
larger crowds than he ever did as a mime on the street.

However, eventually the crowd tires of him, and he tires
of just swinging on auto tires. He notices that the
people are paying more attention to the lion in the next
cage. Not wanting to lose the attention of his audience,
he climbs to the top of his cage, crawls across a
partition, and dangles from the top of the lion's cage.

Of course, this makes the lion furious, but the crowd
loves it. At the end of the day the zoo keeper comes and
gives the mime a raise for being such a good attraction.

Well, this goes on for some time, the mime keeps
taunting the lion, the crowd grows larger, and his
salary keeps going up.

Then, one day, when he is dangling over the top of the
lion's cage, he slips and falls. The mime is terrified.
The lion raises himself up and prepares to pounce. The
mime is so scared that he begins to run around the cage
with the lion in hot pursuit.

Finally, the mime starts screaming, "Help! Help me!"

The lion is quick and pounces. The mime soon finds
himself flat on his back looking up at the angry lion.

The lion says, "Shut up, you idiot, or we'll both lose our jobs!"
